docs(s3): update Bucket policy doc MTA-3844 (#2334)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/concepts.mdx

<Concept>

## principal

> A principal is the target of a [bucket policy](#bucket-policy). They acquire the rights and permissions defined in the policy. The principal of a bucket policy can be an IAM user, or an IAM application. Bucket policies can have several principals attached to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A principal is the target of a [bucket policy](#bucket-policy) and acquires the rights and permissions defined in the policy. The principal of a bucket policy can be an IAM user, or an IAM application. Bucket policies can have several principals attached to it.
```
